* Describe an instance when you were teaching something computer science related and it went poorly.
   - Why do you think it didn’t go well?
   - What would you do (have you done) to make it better?
*I feel like this happens all the time. No, seriously! Every day, I encounter problems--things I wish I'd done differently, or that could have gone better. The biggest issue is typically having to deal with so many different skill levels in one classroom. Our school has opted to make APCSP the intro class for everyone, and people come in with vastly differing levels of numeracy and literacy. I've tried heterogenous groupings, to have an "Expert" at each table, but of course being able to do something yourself doesn't mean that you can teach it to someone else. I've currently switched to more homogenous groups, where the folks who generally get things easily sit together, and the folks who need lots of extra support are clustered so I can visit them more easily. However, this poses its own challenge, since there's only one of me, and I can't speak to 5 different students at once. So, this isn't a description of a particular instance as it is a class of instances. One thing I'm doing this semester is adding a TA to the class for the first time, which has been SUPER helpful in this regard--she took APCSP last year, and wants to major in CS in college, so has enough content knowledge that I can give her a clipboard with names of students to work with / a place to jot down notes on who understands what / needs help with what. And then we can each spend more time with groups that need more help, while those who have a decent chance of just "productively struggling" as opposed to shutting down or getting completely lost can work on their own.*
 * Describe an instance when you were teaching something computer science related and it went really well.
   - Why do you think it went so well?
*In alignment with our school's new grading policy, we let students retake exams once (we have two versions of each exam for this purpose), so long as they attend a study session to go over what they missed the first time. I remember running a study session for our Unit 2 exam in the fall that went particularly well--it was attended by folks who rarely participate in class, and didn't do too well on the exam (most of them didn't pass, if I recall correctly). However, with the extra time and attention to go over things much more slowly and with more time for asking questions, everyone showed WAY more understanding of concepts like routing, DNS, IP addresses, and the other networking concepts that we covered that unit. It took us an hour to review, but everyone who attended wound up passing the retake. This showed me how helpful working in a small group can be, especially with students who have IEPs and who need more time--the struggle for me now is figuring out how to provide this sort of time and attention during a regular class period, when there are many more students, and we have to cover more in less time.*
 * These examples could come from normal classes, presentations, tutoring sessions, helping a friend, as long as you were teaching, it can count.
