### Assignment
  * title: **think_different.md**
  * Describe 3 different strategies for implementing differentiation in a CS class.
  * Things to consider
    - What are you differentiating for (ability, interest, learning style preference...)?
    - Are students being grouped? If so, how?
    - What is the goal of differentiation for this specific strategy?
    - Anything else you deem important
---
  As we discussed in class this week, there are really three main ways to differentiate instruction: by presentation, by process, and by product. In CS, almost any assignment can easily be differentiated by product, since you can show mastery of the same concept in different ways. For instance, when we had students make their first apps this year in APCSP (using code.org), they could create apps that served any informational purpose, so long as one could navigate from one page to another--some students made apps about queer-inclusive sexual health and wellness, while others provided information about NFL teams.

  So, **one way to differentiate** is to simply *let students choose the end goal* of their code, *so long as they meet certain technical requirements.* This can be done with individual or group projects, and the goal is chiefly to get students engaged in learning whatever technical skill you are focusing on (loops, recursion, etc.) I've found--and I'm sure I'm not the only teacher in this boat--that when students are invested in an end goal that they have some say in, they are much more interested in learning whatever skills they need to achieve that goal.

  Differentiating by process is a bit tricky, in that it can be hard to find the right range of supports to provide--too many options, and it can be overwhelming in terms of how to approach a task, too few and it might be hard for some students to get started and for everyone to make progress.

  For instance, this often manifests in **starter code**, which, as I understand it, serves the same purpose as a graphic organizer does when writing an essay--it provides a structure in which to think, and giving students a choice of using the starter code (or different "flavors" of starter code, such as "mild", "medium" and "spicy").

  So, **another way to differentiate** is to provide **starter code**--as for instance in an assignment about loops, you might offer students a choice between a pre-built loop with some missing pieces, a doc with comments that mimic what the code should do, and a blank doc. This could work for group or solo activities, and would serve the purpose of supporting students with a range of ability levels--in each case, students still have to demonstrate understanding of how a loop works, but the process by which they get there can differ.

  Finally, **another way to differentiate** is by presentation, which shows up all the time in homework, specifically when you are asking students to absorb factual content. Just today, I had a conversation with a friend who says that reading gives him a headache, so he listens to audiobooks instead--giving students the option to read, watch, or listen to information is a great way to differentiate by presentation, since students of all learning styles (or, since "learning style" is a bit of a wishy-washy term, we could say learning preferences) can have a choice of how to absorb the factual content. This works best on an individual level, and I think works best with asynchronous work, where you just want students to learn about something (it could be something like who Ada Lovelace was, or how binary search works--you can easily find videos on anything these days, so it's not hard to provide both a textual and visual option for most content!) The goal is to provide multiple options for absorbing information, so there is the least resistance possible for getting that information; if one student prefers listening to books (like my friend) as opposed to reading them, and the goal is just to absorb the content, what's wrong with giving multiple options? (Obviously, not all content is available in all formats, but with CS, at least, there are usually multiple videos and articles about most content we might want to teach.)
